# Weather Prediction
This repo is a personal project that I have been working on, that predicts the weather based on simplistic weather models using differential equations coupled with machine learning. I plan to have a live forcast of at least 3 days, and have my projections and the NOAA's projections for comparison, as well as an archive for historical predictions. Below I will document the entire process from start to finish, and explain my thought process.


## Progress History
I will document the entire process of making this system, as well as why I made certain decisions. I will also cover any mathematical concepts I employ.

### July 30th, 2025
To begin with, I would like to design the initial interface in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The goal here is to have a live update of possibly the entire Earth, or maybe more local if that is computationally to intensive. Local could be the USA or just limited to a single state. Obviously we have no predictive power as of now, so instead I will need to write either constant "conditons", or have some sort of random generation of the state of the weather. I also want to include the actual weather (given by the NOAA or equivalent agency) as a comparison. Furthermore, I want some sort of archived history of how my model performed vs the NOAA's prediction. If we assume that the weather prediction of the NOAA is very accurate on the day of the prediction, then we can also take that to be the "observed" weather for that day, and can compare, for example, a three day forecast to that "observed" weather. I will use the temperature, humidity, etc. of a given area from the NOAA, as I do not have sensors to do this myself. Other than that, I will (attempt) to do all other calculations with models that I derive (which will be composed of simplistic models like the Lorenz system for example). Finally, I will store this data (predictions vs observed weather), to try to train a machine learning model of some sort to potentially operate as a correction of my toy models.

